__________ADC_______________________________________________________________________________________________________

This code was made using Atmel Studio 7.0

We're using an ATMEGA32M1
    
    
    !!!Nodes tests!!!
    
In order to have a working node, we must first test it.
In this case each function tasked to the nodes are tested individually and afterwards will be used collectively for the overall code.
You require an SPI cable in order to upload code to the nodes, this takes away the possibility to debug your code. 
Further more there are not enough pins for an LCD display available. 
Luckily we have 4 LED’s which we can work with and monitor the state of our code and nodes.



      !!!ADC : Analog to Digital Converter!!!

The ADC needs a clock pulse to do its conversion. 
This clock generated by system clock by dividing it to get smaller frequency. 
The ADC requires a frequency between 50KHz to 200KHz.
ADC Multiplexer Selection Register – ADMUX : For selecting the reference voltage and the input channel.
ADC Input Channel Selection ((2) , Table 18-5) : These 4 bits determine which analog inputs are connected to the ADC input.
ADC Control and Status Register A – ADCSRA : As the name says it has the status of ADC and is also use for controlling it.
    - ADEN – Set this to 1 to enable ADC
    - ADSC – We need to set this to one whenever we need adc to do a conversion.
    - ADIF – This is the interrupt bit this is set to 1 by the hardware when conversion is complete. 
The ADC Data Register – ADCL and ADCH : The final result of conversion is here.



    !!! Test!!!
    
In order to monitior if the code is converting the Analog signal into Digital signal we add a condition to he leds. 
Because we have but 4 LED's we've taken the maximum Digital value and divided it by 4.
If the analog signal is below a quarter of the reference voltage, led1 would turn on.
If the analog signal surpasses a quarter but below half of the reference voltage, led1 and led2 would turn on.
and so on.
in order to check if the analog value is also changing paralllel to our digital reading we used a 5V pin, 
connected it to a potentiometer and gradually changed the value of the input voltage on our ADC pin.


      !!!source:!!!
      
(1) http://extremeelectronics.co.in/avr-tutorials/using-adc-of-avr-microcontroller/
(2) http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/DeviceDoc/Atmel-7647-Automotive-Microcontrollers-ATmega16M1-32M1-64M1-32C1-64C1_datasheet.pdf
